control the thread a lot of game
and got a big big kiln I five-on-three
and no we thought we control the game
but there are times for replay well it
doesn't always in Eppley wanted to but I
thought for the most part of a lot of
the things you're in a race like this
provision is an important tonight when a
goaltender for another team sort of
keeps them and they gave it yeah you do
get that one point um yeah I mean you
always go for two and no you don't want
to get get complacent or tried to sit on
these or anything like that you've got
to play the same way and then go out for
teams it's been our mindset especially
since over break I think you've done a
good job without and you know from here
on in that's why we don't think but
certainly held all the points help of it
at this point in me and it's like about
a bomb thanks see you surprised pop that
they had after going out another nothing
last night of the road they went to
you've been on that end before but when
you see another team that CC playing
yeah I'm energy well they're desperate
you know they're really desperate right
now and no I don't think it surprised us
we knew that we're going to
play a full game even doing that we you
know we still don't get two points so
you know we respected them in the way
they play if anything when you get a
couple that early I think you realize
that even more there's a lot of game
left and what happened and see they get
a power-play goal they're right back
into it so we respected them and I don't
think we SAT back but they just
capitalized on some chances they got two
guys there in the woods which one was
going to and just you know one time that
you know perfectly that's the
cross-party bring kind of a strange
template of this game you guys are able
to jump out to the two nothing literally
and then all a sudden they went to face
off they score a goal and it's kind of
like bang bang it's 22 yeah well we
never lost I don't think we ever lost
you know our tempo there all you know
cut I know they got the glow on the
power play and then you know let down by
myself in the second goal and what I
thought we stuck right with it you know
obviously I'd like to have the second
goal and and the third goal back myself
excuse me um but you know we battled
back we you know we tied it up neither
303 all and I never stopped working we
worked tremendously all over the ice and
you know we shut it down on a five-month
3 which is pretty tough thing to do
against skilled bunch of players like
that and just goes to show that you know
we the guys in here mean business and we
want to get those two points just
unfortunate tonight what happened on
that last goal did you get partially
screen on here I just say it was a just
a good play I think you know someone got
a stick on someone and we hadn't ripped
one of our guys and just you know went
to there was two guys over there and
didn't know which one was going to and
just made made a good shot as the guy
was going by cross wearing it you see
the puzzle it again once I've seen the
puck okay early oh just not honestly was
just just one of those nights you know
got to put it behind me and and go there
and well you know we're not happy with
just the one point obviously we want to
get to but
we got a squad doing the same thing
tomorrow
Oh